
1. what is your previous programming experience answer?

“I have completed my bachelors degree in computer science so I am very familiar with HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and in my most recent programming position at private Company, I was working as front-end developer for about a year. I learned Python throughout the projects I completed there, and feel comfortable learning other languages for specific projects.


2. Are you ready to join the program?
How are you planning on financially supporting yourself during the entire length of the program?

after i completed my bachelors degree i was working for different private companies I also worked ParTime and FullTime at various jobs. and  I also had a seven month paying Co-Op job so i have saved money to finance myself also my family also are very supporting they are always with my side   

3. How will you organize your daily schedule in order to commit to our program hours? Which things might be a threat to your daily productivity or commitment?

atually i will write down everything give me the chance to identify the  and cluster similar tasks  schaduling daily will help me to be productive. if threats happen like electricity i have prepare a power bank for my laptop 

4. Why should we invest in you?
We invest in exceptional people from all around the world. Why should we invest in you?

This program would be a valuable thing for me because as a program  it will help me to advance my skill and learn new technologies practically in new way to fit and to be accepted by high tech companies. I think it will open a window of chances to get a career or pursue higher studies.  it  will  help  me  a  lot  to update  my Skill,  also  to get  better  job  opportunities or  start  my career as  fast as possible and As I’m living in such country which is lack for such opportunity this is a great chance to enhance my career goal, to connect and work with peoples from all over the world and exchange culture, experience and so many insights from them . To step forward and achieve my goal I must develop my skills and make progress in my experience by taking courses and Microverse provide a big opportunity for me. 

5. Anything else you’d like us to know?

Thanks for asking!
Finaly i would like to thanks the Microverse team to provide us such opportunities. investing in peoples like me will help not only them but also millions of people and also their country through them
